Update schema-customization.md (#25109)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/schema-customization.md

optional `from` argument allows getting the field on the current type which acts as the foreign-key to the field specified in `by`.
In other words, you `link` **on** `from` **to** `by`. This makes `from` especially helpful when adding a field for back-linking.

> Keep in mind that in the example above the link of `posts` in `AuthorJson` works because `frontmatter` and `author` are both objects. But if for example, the `Frontmatter` type would have a list of `authors` instead (`frontmatter.authors.email`), it wouldn't work since the `by` argument doesn't support arrays. In that case, you'll have to provide a custom resolver with [Gatsby Type Builders](/docs/schema-customization/#gatsby-type-builders) or [createResolvers API](/docs/schema-customization/#createresolvers-api).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep in mind that in the example above, the link of `posts` in `AuthorJson` works because `frontmatter` and `author` are both objects. If, for example, the `Frontmatter` type had a list of `authors` instead (`frontmatter.authors.email`), it wouldn't work since the `by` argument doesn't support arrays. In that case, you'd have to provide a custom resolver with [Gatsby Type Builders](/docs/schema-customization/#gatsby-type-builders) or [createResolvers API](/docs/schema-customization/#createresolvers-api).
```

Author: Thank you very much for your changes @AishaBlake. I appreciate them 🙂 .
